Document per-node metric collection in single_endpoint_mode for ClickHouse Cloud (#38103)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_clickhouse/cloud.md

`single_endpoint_mode: true` is required for ClickHouse Cloud. It enables `clusterAllReplicas()` queries to collect data across all nodes behind a single endpoint.

> When enabled, the Agent queries system-table metrics (from `system.events`, `system.metrics`, `system.asynchronous_metrics`, and `system.errors`) across all nodes behind the endpoint using `clusterAllReplicas()`, and tags each resulting series with `clickhouse_node` so you can distinguish per-node data. This per-node collection requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the Agent queries system-table metrics (from `system.events`, `system.metrics`, `system.asynchronous_metrics`, and `system.errors`) across all nodes behind the endpoint using `clusterAllReplicas()`. Each resulting series is tagged with `clickhouse_node` so you can distinguish per-node data. This per-node collection requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later.
```

> Without this setting, the Agent might reach a different node on each collection cycle. For cumulative per-node counters like `clickhouse.query.failed.count`, that inconsistency produces inaccurate values, because the counter isn't read from the same source each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this setting, the Agent might reach a different node on each collection cycle. For cumulative per-node counters like `clickhouse.query.failed.count`, that inconsistency produces inaccurate values because the counter isn't read from the same source each time.
```

`single_endpoint_mode: true` is required for ClickHouse Cloud. It enables `clusterAllReplicas()` queries to collect data across all nodes behind a single endpoint.

> When enabled, the Agent also collects standard system-table metrics (from `system.events`, `system.metrics`, `system.asynchronous_metrics`, and `system.errors`) from every node and tags each series with `clickhouse_node`, which produces accurate per-node values. Each node maintains its own cumulative counters, such as the counter behind `clickhouse.query.failed.count`. Without `single_endpoint_mode`, consecutive collections through the load balancer can read these independent per-node counters from different nodes, producing inaccurate metric values. This per-node collection requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later.

Reviewer: This paragraph is a bit dense. Splitting up into two paragraphs and breaking up some of the longer sentences. 

```suggestion
`single_endpoint_mode: true` is required for ClickHouse Cloud. It enables `clusterAllReplicas()` queries to collect data across all nodes behind a single endpoint, and helps ensure the Agent reports accurate per-node values for cumulative counters.

Each ClickHouse node maintains its own cumulative counters, such as the one behind `clickhouse.query.failed.count`. Without `single_endpoint_mode`, consecutive collections through the load balancer can read these counters from different nodes, producing inaccurate values. When `single_endpoint_mode` is enabled, the Agent also collects standard system-table metrics (`system.events`, `system.metrics`, `system.asynchronous_metrics`, `system.errors`) from every node and tags each series with `clickhouse_node` to produce accurate per-node values. This requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later.
```

| Field | Type | Default | Description |
|-------|------|---------|-------------|
| `tls_verify` | Boolean | `false` | Enable TLS. Required for ClickHouse Cloud. |
| `verify` | Boolean | `true` | Validate the server's SSL certificate. Setting `false` in production is a security risk. |
| `tls_ca_cert` | string | - | Path to a custom CA certificate file. Not needed for ClickHouse Cloud, which uses certificates from public CAs. |

### DBM settings

| Field | Type | Default | Description |
|-------|------|---------|-------------|
| `dbm` | Boolean | `false` | Enable Database Monitoring. Required for query metrics, samples, and completions collection. |

> | `single_endpoint_mode` | Boolean | `false` | Required for ClickHouse Cloud. Enables `clusterAllReplicas()` queries to collect data across all nodes behind a single endpoint, and collects standard system-table metrics per node (tagged with `clickhouse_node`) so per-node cumulative counters report accurate values. Per-node collection requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `single_endpoint_mode` | Boolean | `false` | Required for ClickHouse Cloud. Enables `clusterAllReplicas()` queries to collect data across all nodes behind a single endpoint. Also collects standard system-table metrics per node (tagged with `clickhouse_node`) so cumulative counters report accurate per-node values. Per-node collection requires Agent version 7.83.0 or later. |
```
